QSP iterative angle solver (#6694)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: doc/releases/changelog-dev.md

  gate-set that can be translated to the MBQC formalism.
  [(7271)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/7271)

> * a new `angle_solver` method has been added in the `poly_to_angles` function. This allows to 
>   calculate the angles of polynomial degrees greater than our current method.
>  [(6694)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/6694)
> * 

Reviewer: Just the changelog 🎯 
```suggestion
* A new iterative angle solver for QSVT and QSP is available in the `poly_to_angles` function,
  allowing angle computation for polynomials of large degrees (>1000).
  Set `angle_solver="iterative"` in `poly_to_angles`, or from `qsvt` to use it.
  [(6694)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/6694)

```

  gate-set that can be translated to the MBQC formalism.
  [(7271)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/7271)

> * A new iterative angle solver for QSVT and QSP is available in the :func:`poly_to_angles <pennylane.poly_to_angles>` function,
>   allowing angle computation for polynomials of large degrees (>1000).
>   Set `angle_solver="iterative"` in the :func:`poly_to_angles  <pennylane.poly_to_angles>` function
>   (or from the :func:`qsvt <pennylane.qsvt>` function!) to use it.
>   [(6694)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/6694)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* A new iterative angle solver for QSVT and QSP is available in the :func:`poly_to_angles <pennylane.poly_to_angles>` function,
  allowing angle computation for polynomials of large degrees (:math:`\gt 1000`).
  Set `angle_solver="iterative"` in the :func:`poly_to_angles  <pennylane.poly_to_angles>` function
  (or from the :func:`qsvt <pennylane.qsvt>` function!) to use it.
  [(6694)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/6694)
```
